pages/milestones/1-3-import.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: 1.3 Import
permalink: /milestones/1-3-import/
nav_order: 22
header: true
---

# Milestone 1.3: Wallet import

**Status: Early design exploration**

_[Design milestone](https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Bitcoin-Core-App/milestone/2), [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ek8w3n3upbluw5UL2lGhRx/Bitcoin-Core-App-Design?type=design&node-id=7516%3A13169&mode=design&t=sZSBHpOLLJmoMf57-1)_

After the global navigation is established in milestone 1.1, we now focus on importing and handling wallets.

{% include picture.html
	image = "/assets/images/milestones/1-3-import.png"
	retina = "/assets/images/milestones/1-3-import@2x.png"
	big = "/assets/images/milestones/1-3-import-big.png"
	alt-text = "A visual map of which screens will be added in the 1.2 milestone"
	width = 800
	height = 384
%}

Below are explorations of the user flows for importing wallets. Click to see them larger.

{% include picture.html
	image = "/assets/images/import-wallet-flow-explorations.png"
	retina = "/assets/images/import-wallet-flow-explorations@2x.png"
	big = "/assets/images/import-wallet-flow-explorations-big.png"
	alt-text = "User flow mock-ups for creating a new single-key wallet."
	width = 800
	height = 1010
%}

Commit message:

Updated visuals for the 1.3 and 1.4 milestones
Nothing final, but these are now more proper mock-ups instead of just quick snapshots of older design explorations. Step by step.

pages/milestones/1-3-import.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: 1.3 Import
permalink: /milestones/1-3-import/
nav_order: 22
header: true
---

# Milestone 1.3: Wallet import

**Status: Early design exploration**

_[Design milestone](https://github.com/BitcoinDesign/Bitcoin-Core-App/milestone/2), [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/ek8w3n3upbluw5UL2lGhRx/Bitcoin-Core-App-Design?type=design&node-id=7516%3A13169&mode=design&t=sZSBHpOLLJmoMf57-1)_

After the global navigation is established in milestone 1.1, we now focus on importing and handling wallets.

{% include picture.html
	image = "/assets/images/milestones/1-3-import.png"
	retina = "/assets/images/milestones/1-3-import@2x.png"
	big = "/assets/images/milestones/1-3-import-big.png"
	alt-text = "A visual map of which screens will be added in the 1.2 milestone"
	width = 800
	height = 384
%}

Below is an iteration of the wallet import flow, including migration and error paths. Many details need to be refined. Click to see it larger.

{% include picture.html
	image = "/assets/images/import-wallet/flow.png"
	retina = "/assets/images/import-wallet/flow@2x.png"
	big = "/assets/images/import-wallet/flow-big.png"
	alt-text = "User flow mock-ups for importing an existing wallet."
	width = 800
	height = 368
%}
