pages/principles.md, before:

---
layout: default
title: Principles
permalink: /principles/
nav_order: 3
---

# Principles

Design principles, or design philosophies, are helpful when making decisions large and small.

## [Accessibility]({{ '/accessibility/' | relative_url }})

To allow as many people as possible to use the application, the design (and implementation) should be highly accessible. This can take on many dimensions:

- Sufficient visual contrast
- Voice over support
- Keyboard navigation
- Dynamic text size
- Simple, clear language
- Localization

Getting these right can allow people in non-optimal situations to still successfully navigate and interact with bitcoin.

## Responsive design

For broadest accessibility, the application should adapt seamlessly to platforms and operating systems. There are practical limits for technical reasons, as well as differences in UX patterns of different environments.

## Universal design

While a bitcoin wallet for children can be playful and creative, this application is meant to be visually neutral. Accessibility & ease of use are priority over creative visual expression, so decisions on visual styling should be based on function (not just technical, but also cognitive, etc). 

## Open design

Just like the application code, the design is intended to be collaborated on openly and collaboratively. Design tools are not as sophisticated as development tools, so git-style collaboration is not possible. But we can still work with the tools we have and find workarounds for the gaps. For more, see [contribute]({{ '/contribute/' | relative_url }}).

Commit message:

Various minor copy updates
Moving more content from the repo and Figma file into the site.

pages/principles.md, after:

---
layout: default
title: Principles
permalink: /principles/
nav_order: 2
---

# Principles

Design principles, or design philosophies, are helpful when making decisions large and small.

## [Accessibility]({{ '/accessibility/' | relative_url }})

To allow as many people as possible to use the application, the design (and implementation) should be highly accessible. This can take on many dimensions:

- Sufficient visual contrast
- Voice over support
- Keyboard navigation
- Dynamic text size
- Simple, clear language
- Localization

Getting these right can allow people in non-optimal situations to still successfully navigate and interact with bitcoin.

## Responsive design

For broadest accessibility, the application should adapt seamlessly to platforms and operating systems. There are practical limits for technical reasons, as well as differences in UX patterns of different environments.

## Universal design

While a bitcoin wallet for children can be playful and creative, this application is meant to be visually neutral. Accessibility & ease of use are priority over creative visual expression. For example, decisions on visual styling should be based on function (not just technical, but also cognitive, etc). "[Form follows function](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Form_follows_function)", if you will.

## Open design

Just like the application code, the design is intended to be collaborated on openly and collaboratively. Design tools are not as sophisticated as development tools, so git-style collaboration is not possible. But we can still work with the tools we have and find workarounds for the gaps. For more, see [contribute]({{ '/contribute/' | relative_url }}).

## Use cases

Oftentimes, application design struggles with the balance of simplicity for regular users with complexity for users who want more control. We can address this by intelligently layering the experience.

1. The application should provide a "happy path" that is simple and convenient and allows the majority of users to quickly get started. Clear explanations that focus on the primary benefits and things to know, reducing options via smart defaults and recommendations, and good support when users get stuck are helpful here.
2. The happy path should allow access to more in-depth settings and options, so users can go deeper if they want to. These should be fairly easy to access, but also easy to ignore, and not crucial to usage of the primary functions.
3. To provide a great developer experience, certain settings and options should be accessible in a way that does not clutter up or distract the other paths, but allows developers to be effective. It is also helpful for designers to be able to launch an application in a certain state to evaluate the experience.

We can embed this pattern in the basic UI architecture. The specific decisions as to which detail goes where will likely change over time.
